docs/dev-proc/screenshots.md: add doc (#668)
Dasharo/docs: docs/dev-proc/screenshots.md

# Taking screenshots in firmware

## Introduction

Dasharo EDKII fork comes with the functionality of taking screenshots. This is
useful for creating guides, how-tos and tests. This document is meant to show
the best practices for taking screenshots.

## Resolution

When taking screenshots, remember to set the display mode to 80x25. This makes
the pictures easier to read when embedded into documentation. Notice how this:

![](./images/edk2_frontpage_small.png)

is easier to read than this:

![](./images/edk2_frontpage_big.png)

To set the mode in UEFI:

- Enter the boot menu
- Select `UEFI Shell`
- Type in `mode 80 25` and press Enter to switch mode

> - Type in `exit` to go back to boot menu

Reviewer: i have tried it and first you have to enter the Setup. THen from Onte Time Boot you execute the Shell, set the mode and type Exit to return not the Setup. Otherwise when setup is booted, the resolution is initialized and display ends up in stretched console mode

Author: Interesting, when I tested before it worked fine, but now I'm seeing the same issue... Will change.

Author: Fixed in 52ada08ae95c92a2b218786fa4c9405bc43023a4

You can now enter the setup menu to take your screenshots.

## Taking screenshots

> The key combination for taking screenshots is `LCtrl` + `LAlt` + `F12`. When

Reviewer: Taking screenshots with PiKVM is faster in terms of copying the photos to the host PC. I would also add an info how to take screenshots when PiKVM is available.

Author: Added in 643d1e48a56e8bbfab2943fb3040d076413c7426

# Taking screenshots in firmware

## Introduction

Dasharo EDKII fork comes with the functionality of taking screenshots. This is
useful for creating guides, how-tos and tests. This document is meant to show
the best practices for taking screenshots.

## Resolution

When taking screenshots, remember to set the display mode to 80x25. This makes
the pictures easier to read when embedded into documentation. Notice how this:

![](./images/edk2_frontpage_small.png)

is easier to read than this:

![](./images/edk2_frontpage_big.png)

To set the mode in UEFI:

- Enter the UEFI Setup Menu
- Select `One Time Boot`
- Select `UEFI Shell`
- Type in `mode 80 25` and press Enter to switch mode

> - Type in `exit` to go back to boot menu
> 
> You can now enter the setup menu to take your screenshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type in `exit` to go back to setup menu

You can browse the setup menu to take your screenshots now.
```
